This is the interim document for meeting agenda items.  There is no
significance to the ordering - Each item has been added in the order of
its arrival.

Pre meeting trivia:

0.1.  Are we all agreed that there is a quorum present?
0.2.  Nominate a meeting chairperson and minute taker
0.3.  State to all that this meeting will be held under the Chatham House Rule
0.4.  Prioritise the agenda items (if not done before the meeting)
      and join together any that are obviously the same.

Carried over from previous meeting:

1. What about gap months? To be discussed on next meeting
2. Becoming part of the Chaos Computer Club - Proposal needs more work,
   bring it up again at next general meeting with more information
3. Long term future of DSL/HKMake Ltd We need to further investigate
   what company structures are viable in the future Bring up again next
   general meeting
4. Code of conduct Bring up again next meeting, not prepared

New agenda items:

5. mailing list site has expired ssl cert (proposed by: hamish)

Hopefully it is self-evident that we should not be using any expired
SSL certificates on websites.

6. Directors needed (proposed by: hamish)

Since we currently have no standing directors, we need to elect some.
The Hong Kong companies regulations seems to require that there are at
least two directors, but that could allow a deadlock.  I suggest that
we have a minimum of three directors - and that we elect none until we
have three acceptable candidates.  Since - by law - we cannot continue
without directors, this is a key part of legally continuing to operate
the space.

7. Are the membership dues too low? (proposed by: hamish)

Using the last 12 months of membership data, I am able to calculate
some figures:
    Average outgoing per month: $14268
    Current average members each month: 19
    At current membership cost, we would need 25 members
    At $600 per month, we would need 21 members
    (both member counts incorporate the fees from the bookshelves)
TODO - Add a separate file with the full details

8. Update on the Design Trust Grant (proposed by: nicolas)

as far as I know we passed the deadline. So what is the status on this
project?

9. Slack: every member must have an account on Slack. (proposed by: nicolas)

It is easier to maintain than the mailing list. Members should not be
required to install it on their phone.

10. Emergency contacts (proposed by: nicolas)

We should have a list of the people who have the physical key and
their updated phone number / emails to contact in case of emergency

11. We will discuss the current events leading up to Friday including
codes of conduct in general and how to apply them (proposed by: nicolas)

12. All Members should be contactable by the space (proposed by: hamish)

We have a policy for orphaned items left in the space that includes
contacting the owner and giving them one month to remove it.  This
means that the space needs a database of member contact details.
I suggest getting an email address from each person.  Possibly this
could then be used for automatically joining them to the members
list.  This should also be used to send dues payment reminders.

13. Membership fees increase (proposed by: brad)

I propose that we:
   1. Increase membership price to 600 for adults and 300 for students
   2. If Makerbay or Makerhive increase their prices, we should use that
      as a sign that our prices should be revised.
   3. Reserving 10% of the revenue for gradually paying the rent,
      and prepare for future rent and repairs

   Comparison: Makerbay
        200/day, 750/wk, 1500/mth, 40/box
        https://www.makerbay.org/collections/memberships
   Comparison: Makerhive
        1000/wk (workshop only), 1500/wk
        http://makerhive.com.hk/membership/
   Comparison:  Robotics Garage
       50/day, 200/wk, 600/mth, 1500/quarter, 2500/half-yr (adult)
        https://robotics-garage.hkstp.org/membership/
   Note: We get 30 members at the peak and 15 members at lowest,
       So assuming 20 members on average, 12500/20=625

14. Changes to fees for courses/training hosted in DSL (proposed by: brad)

I propose that we consider changing the fees we charge for people to
run courses or training sessions in the space, choosing one of these
two options:
   1. Any courses hosted here must pay 50 dollar per seat,
      instead of 50% of revenue like we used to do
    or
   2. Any courses hosted here must pay 100 dollar per seat,
      instead of 50% of revenue like we used to do

15. Vote on adopting a Code of Conduct (proposed by: brad)

Hamish has done some research and found a widely used template
code of conduct.  Please read the file "proposed/code_of_conduct.md"
in this respository and consider it for adoption.

16. Introductory membership fee (proposed by: Anthony)

To make it easier to attract new members, should we have a reduced price
for your first month?  I suggest making the same price as the student
fee

17. A temporary increased membership fee (proposed by: Anthony)

If we need to increase the membership fees, we should do that for a
trial 3 month period and evaluate how that worked.  If we are good
at fundraising, we could return it to the original rate then.

