A meeting was held to discuss the ongoing options for DSL.

Vague minutes:

- The accounts were attempted to be straightend out

- an old lease was found

- some old financial statements were found

- Alex to talk to potental new space
    - (draft) Terms of our lease
    - assueances that he can sublet

- We should have a post mortem event with as many members as possible to
  look at how we got here.

- the Question is asked: What is the aim of dim sum labs?

- We could offer the room to workshops with different terms and conditions
  (eg, pay per seat per hour and pay upfront, instead of paying a percentage)

- A question on if we should have another meeting soon?
    - until something changes, perhaps not
    - It was Pointed out that we have about two weeks to come up with the
      rent, so perhaps we need to have a meeting around that time?

- We should send an email to all members to warn them to collect their
  belongings - due to the potential for us not to pay the rent.

